The average person walks past 36 murderers in their lifetime.
Some tumours can grow teeth and hair.
During World War 2, Japan bombed China with fleas infected with the bubonic plague.
Dogs like squeaky toys because it sounds like prey that's frightened or injured.
Heartbreak can trigger a massive flood of emotions that can cause fatal heart attacks.
People's general happiness peaks at 21, and doesn't reach that level again until they retire.
People who stay up late at night have more psychopathic tendencies than those who sleep early.
The only part of your reflection you can lick is your tongue.
In 1939, 835 sheep in the US were killed by a single lightning strike.
A different version of you exists in the minds of everyone who knows you.
Nighttime is the natural state of the universe. Daytime is only caused by a nearby, radiating ball of flame.
When you're sick, the advice you get is to literally do drugs and stay out of school. 
A Colombian woman carried a mummified foetus in her uterus for 40 years.The woman was 82 years old, and the foetus was completely calcified.
Siberian bears sometimes dig up dead bodies for food, and use cemeteries as 'refrigerators'.
Apollo 11 only had around 15-20 seconds of fuel left when it finally landed.
The sun may have exploded, and we wouldn't know it for at least 8 minutes.
Over 50% of commercial pilots have admitted to falling asleep while flying a plane.
The word 'mortgage' comes a French term that means 'death pledge', or a contract that only expires upon death.
Polar bears are the only bear species that actively hunt and kill humans for food.
By the time you show the symptoms of rabies, it's already too late. It can also be dormant for a year before you show those symptoms
Cruise liners all have a morgue for all the passengers that inevitably die each trip
The CPR dummy face template is based on a dead 16-year-old girl’s face. Her body was pulled from the River Seine in the 1880s, and her cause of death and identity were never discovered. A mortician was so ‘entranced’ by her peaceful expression that he made a plaster mask of her, which became the face of CPR dummies and health training equipment."
Slavery is still one of the biggest profiting trades in the world
If you try to grab the brain in its natural state, it will fall apart. When you see scientists pick up the brain, they have used chemicals to harden it
One-third of all people who break their hip die within the year
The liver can be ruptured in one punch. The liver is the second most fragile organ in the human body.   